1. With this assignment I actually chose myself as the client.  It is one of my dreams to start my own food truck called the "Rockin Octopus" where I would serve a variety of Asian fusion cuisines farm to truck.  However, in this case I made the sight more conducive to a restaurant.  The needs and wants for this sight are very modern, clean, and food/customer focused.
2. It is very important to consider mobile-first design, especially with restaurant sites, because of the overwhelming numbers of customers/site visitors that are using their mobile device to view any internet sites.  Even more so with the times of COVID, mobile devices are the primary use of getting food.  Mobile first designs are also important because the viewer should have a positive experience viewing your site on any device and that should always be taken into consideration.
3. This was another fun assignment for me because it is a very real experience I hope to have in the future, creating a sight for my potential food truck or brick and mortar restaurant.  A couple of things I struggled with were the navigation bar, getting it to look the way I wanted as well as being functional.  I also struggled with my images, as you can see, the images on my home page are nowhere near ideal in terms of clarity but I didn't want to spend too much time on figuring it out because I had a lot more to do that was more important to the assignment.  The images of the food are actually images of recipes I have created and made at home over the last handful of years. 
